content/en-us/shop/wallet-dionysos.md, before:

---
id: 3
sku: WA48NB
name: Dionysos 48H
slogan: Vines and flax. Such is his destiny.
description: 'The Dionysos 48H is the centerpiece of the collection. Lightweight,
  flexible and always ready to accompany you on your travels, the bag lives up to
  its name: luggage experts will easily accommodate a week''s worth of clothing in
  its generous interior. of cabin baggage. '
details:
- Cabin size
- Organic French linen lining
- Metallic pieces in silver color
- Double zipped closure made in France
- Removable, adjustable shoulder strap. Up to 50cm
care: Care for this product
dimensions:
  length: 21
  height: 11
  width: 8
  unit: inches
manufacturer: ''
colors:
- id: 1
  name: Natural Black
  icon: leather.jpg
- id: 2
  name: Desertic Camel
  icon: leather.jpg
material:
- id: 1
  name: Dionysos® Wine Leather
  icon: leather.jpg
- id: 2
  name: Organic French Linen
  icon: linen_camel.jpg
award:
- name: Made in France
  image: madeinfrance.png
- name: Vegan
  image: PETA.png
offers:
  priceCurrency: EUR
  price: 390
  availability: true
categories:
- name: ''
  slug: leathergoods
  depth: 1
- name: Bags
  slug: bags
  depth: 2
tags:
- name: Leather Goods
- name: Bags
image:
- src: 48H_face.png
  color: 2
  material: 1
  name: ''
  alt: ''
  availability: true
- src: 48H_cote.png
  color: 1
  material: 2
  name: ''
  alt: ''
  availability: false
attributes:
- name: Size
  options:
  - '41'
  - '42'
  - '43'
default_attributes:
- name: Color
  option: Natural Black
- name: Size
  option: "41"
isRelatedTo: ''
isSimilarTo: shoes
brand:
  name: Warenghem
related_articles:
- first: []
  second: []
  third: []

---
Empower your NuxtJS application with `@nuxtjs/content` module: write in a `content/` directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a **Git-based Headless CMS**.

## Writing content

Learn how to write your `content/`, supporting Markdown, YAML, CSV and JSON: https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing.

## Fetching content

Learn how to fetch your content with `$content`: https://content.nuxtjs.org/fetching.

## Displaying content

Learn how to display your Markdown content with the `<nuxt-content>` component directly in your template: https://content.nuxtjs.org/displaying.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Kevin updated content/en-us/shop/wallet-dionysos.md

content/en-us/shop/wallet-dionysos.md, after:

---
id: "3"
sku: WADWTNB
name: Dionysos 48H
slogan: Vines and flax. Such is his destiny.
description: |-
  The Dionysos wallet is the epitome of relaxed elegance. Compact in design, it is thin enough to slip into the back pocket of jeans. Our designers have imagined graphic lines: two sides with symmetrical slits, including those on the right representing the iconic W of the brand.

  Made in France in Anjou in our workshop specializing in fine leather goods. Its colored Bugatti blue sliced ​​waxes and its fine and regular stitching affirm French know-how.
details:
- On the left, three card slots
- On the right, three compartments for business cards, receipts, other cards
- Two horizontal pockets
- Dark Bugatti blue slice wax
care: Care for this product
dimensions:
  length: "4.2"
  height: "3.5"
  width: "0.6"
  unit: inches
manufacturer: ''
colors:
- id: "1"
  name: Natural Black
  icon: leather.jpg
- id: "2"
  name: Desertic Camel
  icon: leather.jpg
material:
- id: "1"
  name: Dionysos® Wine Leather
  icon: leather.jpg
- id: "2"
  name: Organic French Linen
  icon: linen_camel.jpg
award:
- name: Made in France
  image: madeinfrance.png
- name: Vegan
  image: PETA.png
offers:
  priceCurrency: EUR
  price: "390"
  availability: true
categories:
- name: Leather Goods
  slug: leathergoods
  depth: "1"
- name: Bags
  slug: bags
  depth: "2"
tags:
- name: Leather Goods
- name: Bags
image:
- src: 48H_face.png
  color: "2"
  material: "1"
  name: ''
  alt: ''
  availability: true
- src: 48H_cote.png
  color: "1"
  material: "2"
  name: ''
  alt: ''
  availability: false
attributes:
- name: Size
  options:
  - '41'
  - '42'
  - '43'
default_attributes:
- name: Color
  option: Natural Black
- name: Size
  option: "41"
isRelatedTo: ''
isSimilarTo: shoes
brand:
  name: Warenghem
related_articles:
- first: []
  second: []
  third: []

---
Empower your NuxtJS application with `@nuxtjs/content` module: write in a `content/` directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a **Git-based Headless CMS**.

## Writing content

Learn how to write your `content/`, supporting Markdown, YAML, CSV and JSON: https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing.

## Fetching content

Learn how to fetch your content with `$content`: https://content.nuxtjs.org/fetching.

## Displaying content

Learn how to display your Markdown content with the `<nuxt-content>` component directly in your template: https://content.nuxtjs.org/displaying.
